Sync Community PR #410 PR #416 (#126)
rancher/k3s-product-docs: versions/latest/modules/en/pages/security/secrets-encryption.adoc

[TIP]
====
Secrets-encryption cannot be enabled on an existing server without restarting it. +
Use `+curl -sfL https://get.k3s.io | sh -s - server --secrets-encryption+` if installing from script, or other methods described in xref:installation/configuration.adoc#_configuration_with_install_script[Configuration Options].
====

== Choosing Encryption Provider

[IMPORTANT]
.Version Gate
====
Available as of the April 2025 releases: v1.30.12+k3s1, v1.31.8+k3s1, v1.32.4+k3s1, v1.33.0+k3s1.
====

> Using the `--secrets-encryption-provider` flag, you can choose which encryption provider to use. The default is `aescbc`. 

Reviewer: Maybe we could trim the sentence here by combining into 1. 
Same comment for below occurrences as well.

```suggestion
Using the `--secrets-encryption-provider` flag, you can choose from the following K3s-supported encryption providers: 
* `aescbc`: AES-CBC with PKCS#7 padding. This is the default provider.
* `secretbox`: XSalsa20 and Poly1305
```

Author: Applied to all occurrences in https://github.com/rancher/k3s-product-docs/pull/126/commits/968901d36ead877bb88a04603940adc2874c03e2.
